---
layout: post
title: Second meeting! (Community rework)
subtitle: Protocol of our second weekly meeting. Some changes for the community, some progress on the (public) projects.
author: Logic
---
1. Ordered Table of Contents
{:toc}

## Attendance

Attending: Logic, Trailmix, Wrench, KitKat, Wizard, Basti

Missing: Elo, Tito (excused)

Late: Watermelon, Joey, Raffy

Protocol: Logic

## More for the Community

The Discord server now has a new bot: **Slash-Bot** instead of **Zira**. Also unused bots were removed.
We now have a schedule for the community rewrite to be published on time every **wednesday 6pm CEST** after the meeting.
On top of that we decided for the first meeting community to be on *21.10.2021 at 15pm CEST* after discussing how we can match different timezones e.g. USA, EU (and Australia).
Planning to have something like an open callender for the community so they see free time spots of the Lead contributors and also see open scheduled discussions or meeting to listen in or even contribute. Plan is to be more open to the community and to make it easier to get in conntact with the contributors.

## Project Updates

### Joeys Hub project

Over the last week progress was steady. For better guardian calibration good time of flight sensors are needed and after discussing that issue it was decided, that Watermelon, Wizard and Joey need to look further into that. Will be revisited next week.

### Bastis Website

Basti startet working on *this* website to have an internet present in general and to present protocols to the community in an easier way then just sending in Documents into Discord.
Right now the website is full of placeholders and also needs Terms of Service, renders or images of projects and a redesign of the "Contact" page.
The website is build with Jekyll and will either be hosted on a private server or by HostGator.

### VRChat World

Wrench is making a VRChat world as a CFVR office for hanging around but also for future meetings with the community in VR in our office. It is still in it alpha state but will definitly showed off to the public once it is ready.

### Company progress

Logic got a response from the company founding consultant "Klee-Centre GmbH" and will be meeting them next monday, will be discussed further in two weeks.
