---
layout: post
title: First weekly meeting! (Community rework)
subtitle: Protocol of our first weekly meeting. Learn more about our Project updates and what progress we have made over the past few weeks.
author: Logic
---
1. Ordered Table of Contents
{:toc}

## Attendance

**Attending:** Logic, Raffy, Trailmix, Basti, Joey, Wrench, KitKat, Watermelon, Summer

**Missing:** Elo

**Late:** Tito (16:35), Wizard (18:31)

## Joey’s/GhostConvoiStudios Project

Virtual HUB interface – GhOstS

**Info:**

The Hub will be a Separate virtual environment that is not relying on steam (replacing it) or Oculus respectively. The user is not required an online connection and the whole environment is somewhat “open” for users to tinker with

**Progress:**

Missing external capturing unit for anchorPlates (to generate grid)
LIDAR Sensor is not working accurately enough

**Goal:**

Automatically generate a 3D Map for a room/house/playspace and present it to the user in VR essentailly creating your VR home environtment as a 1:1 replica of your living-/playspace.
Should work for all Headsets because no other interferring software is required.

**Questions:**

>**Q:** Planning on implementing stuff from “Relativity” Project
>**A:** No plan, should be unique Code (would be illegal anyway)
>
>**Q:** Plan on integrating Basestationless Universal Tracking Thing (BUTT) into HUB
>**A:** Yes, maybe in the future native integration could be done
>
> **Q:** Plan on making an acronym for HUB
> **A:** Name is GhOstS (not HUB), for the real name maybe. Hub is just nickname
*(Tito enters 16:35)*

## Company Name

CFVR maybe as the name for the connection between multiple companies/project, but it is not really fitting as a company name.
Looking to find a fitting/"cool" name e.g. "Valve", "Google", ("Oculus"). Doesn't have to be an acronym and the meaning of any word as name can be set later. Name finding will be revisited next meeting.
Plan on prenenting what goes into a good name (KitKat)
*(Summer left 17:23)*

## Future Company Plans

Basic Requironments to start a company are at least a Business Plan, "Company contract" and a business Bank account.
Other plans include own website and Domain with company email address that can be used for contacting and sign-up puposes.
Limiting factor is the lack of a name, because changing i.e. Domain later is kinda hard.
As a Bank, *N26* was choosen, as it offers a free business account. Access will be limited to Trailmix and Logic to prevent uncosidered spending of money, but to provide basically all time access through mentioned persons due to time difference.
As a website and email provider/hoster *HostGator* was choosen due to its low prices and the recommendation by Wizard.
A business plan will be created over the next few weeks with the help of an consultant company *Klee-Centre GmbH* by Logic and Wizard.

Small market analysis is important in the (near) future -> Future development and direction can be made clearer

### Release plan for product(s)

**Only USA:**

1. 6 Month time pre-ordering (also start EU certification
2. Ship first batch
3. Start second pre-ordering

**More countries:**

1. Also announce pre-ordering
2. Ship second batch 6 months after first in more countries; 12 months after announcement

EU needs at least CE to sell, needs way more to confidently sell (e.g., Working with pacemakers, emf safe, Battery won’t explode, IP?? Etc.)

## Discord Moderation

### Change in Administration

Due to lacking activity and differences between the team and former Discord-Server Owner Joey, 
Joey transfers ownership to Trailmix
-> Trailmix is new Community Manager for department "Discord"

*(Wrench, Tito exits 18:22)*
*(KitKat breaks 18:28)*

### Bot management

```diff
- Googlebot
- DJ
- Tupper box*
- Zira
+ Slash Bot
```

Reason: Unused Bots were removed and *Zira* replaced with *Slash Bot* for overall better role management.

Hosting our own Discord bot was suggested and will be revisited next meeting.

*(Raffy exits 19:27)*
*(Joey exits 19:31)*

## Other People want to Join

**JFet:**

He is working on creating his own one-legged Robot. He is interested in joining the project, was excluded in VC by accident. Very skilled Mechanical/Civil engineer and Math calculation person. Can Translate Chinese (very helpful for ordering)

Was invited to help and given information to do so

## More meetings

### Weekly

To improve future productivity and to prevent contributurs loosing track of progess, future weekly meetings to get Leaders better informed and to get more work done are planned.
Exact time will be decided later, planned with Teams.
Until we have a Team, meetings will be held via a Discord call (private).
These meetings will be recorded and a protocol like this is written alongside it.
That Protocol is rewritten into a “Community friendly” version to prevent leaks and converting into markdown (Blog/Discord posts) and posted on the website.

### "Monthly"

To involve the community more in the companies activities there will be a monthly event, being not only a Q&A but also the chance for some ideas to get presented. Also a quick recap of the last four weeklies/protocols for everyone who didn't read them.**Time:** Every first/last (Sun)day of Month
**Location:** Discord (Stages)

### Teams

Planning to switch from a work/community environment (Discord) to a work only platform (Teams) to split work and free time more and to be more proffesionall in general.
Teams will be setup up with company email addresses, leaders will get invited (Logic)
